README.md, before:

# resume-template
This project is going to be an npm module that builds a resume website and resume pdf. You give it the data and everything else is within the module.

# See the website without storyboard (through storyboard)
http://localhost:3005/iframe.html?id=api-pages-website--default-story&viewMode=story&args=

## Caveats:
Certain default styles asre different (for example the font serif instead of san serif)

# Goals
1. Create React contexts for fetching json files from public folder
2. Create a React context and a gitignored private json file to obscure information like phone number if you don't want it on the internet
3. Create a CLI
* This CLI will be able to initialize a resume project by creating template json objects for consumers top fill in
* The CLI will use AJV to validate that the json files are valid (it would be cool if a form could be created from the json schema)
4. Create a github action that builds the project and commits it (I would like that commit on a seperate project if possible)
5. Setup Github pages to point to that built project
6. Create another page that will be the resume printout
7. Have a QR code in the top right corner that links to the website

Commit message:

Fixed public url on file assets and added configs
Added env files to configure where public files are located (both
regular assets as well as resume template files are located)

Also added public url fallback so public assets will work from the react
app

README.md, after:

# resume-template
This project is going to be an npm module that builds a resume website and resume pdf. You give it the data and everything else is within the module.

# See the website without storyboard (through storyboard)
http://localhost:3005/iframe.html?id=api-pages-website--default-story&viewMode=story&args=

## Caveats:
Certain default styles asre different (for example the font serif instead of san serif)

# Pointing to your data
Instead of using template files for development you can use any `resume-template-files` with the STORYBOOK_RESUME_JSON_LOCATION env variable
```bash
STORYBOOK_RESUME_JSON_LOCATION='/home/luigi/workspace/resume/public' npm run storybook
```

# Public File Assets
## Serving Assets
```bash
STORYBOOK_PUBLIC_FILE_URL='http://localhost:3002' npm run storybook
```

### File Server
You can run a python simple server in a directory which you want to serve files from
```bash
python3 -m http.server 3002
```

# Startup example
```bash
STORYBOOK_PUBLIC_FILE_URL='http://localhost:3002' STORYBOOK_RESUME_JSON_LOCATION='/home/luigi/workspace/resume/public' npm run storybook
```

# Goals
1. Create React contexts for fetching json files from public folder
2. Create a React context and a gitignored private json file to obscure information like phone number if you don't want it on the internet
3. Create a CLI
* This CLI will be able to initialize a resume project by creating template json objects for consumers top fill in
* The CLI will use AJV to validate that the json files are valid (it would be cool if a form could be created from the json schema)
4. Create a github action that builds the project and commits it (I would like that commit on a seperate project if possible)
5. Setup Github pages to point to that built project
6. Create another page that will be the resume printout
7. Have a QR code in the top right corner that links to the website
